# RD

My Lore:\
There was once a group of humans who lived peacefully amongst the villagers in the overworld, however, due to racial differences, they were unfairly punished and exiled from the village. They attempted to return to the village under new identities, however the villagers had created Iron Golems to keep them out. They ventured far out into the world until they reached The End, a dimension suspended at the edge of the universe. With limited food and resources, their hunger drove them insane and forced them to eat each other for survival. Cannibalism became a stable way of life to survive in the end.

This continued cannibalism caused peoples’ figures to grow to a freakish height and become abnormally thin, and no exposure to sunlight caused their skin to turn extremely dark, with the white in their eyes shifting into a deep purple. There was one enderman, however, who was the first to succumb to cannibalism. He massacred and ate so many of his people, that when his stomach reacted to the sensation of his kind, he went on a rampage, and ate the whole lot of his species. He ventured further out into The End after he had cleared out a section of the mainland, and stumbled across a new source of food, Chorus Fruit. After months of consuming an abundant amount of this strange purple fruit, his figure shrank down from 60 meters (198.65 feet) to 30 meters (98.4542 feet).

Regaining his human consciousness and decency, he split his newfound powers into 5 Titans, shrinking his figure down once again to 4.5 meters tall. The creation of the Titan Powers was to retaliate against the villagers that oppressed them so long ago. He named his Titans the Blitz, the Female, the Ironclad, the Numen, and the Phantom. Each Titan came with its own unique abilities. The Blitz Titan is a capable vessel for offense, it is great in hand to hand combat, and is often used as a front-line soldier. The Female Titan was capable of calling Mutant Endermen to its side to help assist it in battle. By the sound of her roar, all Mutants within a 100-meter radius would run to her side and help her fight. The Ironclad Titan was capable of being one large shield. This Enderman is covered in hardened crystals, making it perfect for tackling large enemies, running into walls, or even taking lead bullets. The Numen Titan is the creator of all Titans. This Enderman has the capability to create Mutant Endermen via the sound of its scream, should the affected being have consumed any amount of Chorus Fruit. Lastly, the Phantom Titan is the quickest of them all. This Titan does not walk on two legs; it is a quadruped being. It is capable of being a scout from faraway, and possesses the ability to speak, making it an Intelligent Titan. Excited about his new creations, the enderman quickly ventured back out into the mainland to speak of his new creations, but were devoured by his closest friends. As the flesh was ripped from his body, his friends gained his memories and what he saw of the Chorus Fruit Forest, they then made their way to the forest, taking the remaining Endermen with them, and slowly moved away from the twisted act of cannibalism.

The Endermen rebuilt their society in The End, dubbing it Hydrian Heights. The continued cycle of cannibalism was pushed away, but not for long. There was a string of Endermen that was not introduced to the Chorus Fruit Forest, and had naturally turned into ravenous Mutants. The downside to gaining Titan Powers as an Enderman is that any current Shifters life expectancy is shrunk down to 9 years left to live. Once 9 years pass, the Shifter begins to age rapidly as they wither away and slowly die.

To pass down their Titan Powers to another Enderman, one must drag an innocent Enderman away from society and splash them with a Mutant Potion, turning them into Mutants, then the newly created monster must reach down and grab the Titan Shifter, and eat them, gaining their powers. The Mutant will then return to society, except with newfound Titan Powers. This has been a cycle that has been ongoing for the past 4,000 years. The section of The End where the Mutants are currently residing has been closed off by King Chamber and Queen Umbra, and forbid any Enderman to venture near it. They call it The Farlands, a place where no normal Enderman could even survive an hour without being swiftly devoured by Mutants.

\
Queen Umbra and King Chamber bore a son whom they named Radagast. In the Overworld, a man named Crowbar **- \[unfinished currently, will work on it later]**
